# 6. Legal Disclaimer

This White Paper consists of information given for discussion purposes only and does not represent investment advice of any kind. Further, it does not constitute an offer to sell shares or securities nor does it constitute a solicitation to buy such shares or securities. None of the information found within is intended to influence investment any decision nor should it be the basis of an investment decision of any kind. Investment advice for investment in any security, or any tax or legal advice should only be given by an investment advice firm, and PROC is not an investment advice firm. PROC encourages readers to sropriate and independent professional advice to inform themselves of the legal requirements and tax consequences of any investments they make, both within PROC and within the blockchain industry as a whole. Investments should only be done with the help of an independent financial advisor within the context of the countries of their citizenship or residence, and their place of business with respect to the acquisition, holding or trade in PROC or any other tokens. Please note that this White Paper does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, for any person for whom it may be unlawful to participate in a token sale. Those for whom it is unlawful to participate should not participate. Consult with your own lawyer or accountant to determine whether it is lawful for you to participate in this token sale. This White Paper should in no way be construed as being intended to create a contract for investment. This White Paper may be revised, with the newest edition always appearing here. For each revision cycle, we will provide notes on what has changed and the justification for the change. Updated versions of the White Paper (as indicated by consecutive edition numbers) may contain information which may override, clarify or contradict previous editions, in which case the latest version should be considered the most accurate and up to date. Because of this, versions which are found outside of the official PROC website may contain out-of-date or inaccurate information.
